#LyX 2.3 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 544
\begin_document
\begin_header
\save_transient_properties true
\origin unavailable
\textclass article
\begin_preamble
\usepackage{xr}
\externaldocument{template}
\end_preamble
\use_default_options true
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman "default" "default"
\font_sans "default" "default"
\font_typewriter "default" "default"
\font_math "auto" "auto"
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100 100
\font_tt_scale 100 100
\use_microtype false
\use_dash_ligatures true
\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize default
\spacing single
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry false
\use_package amsmath 1
\use_package amssymb 1
\use_package cancel 1
\use_package esint 1
\use_package mathdots 1
\use_package mathtools 1
\use_package mhchem 1
\use_package stackrel 1
\use_package stmaryrd 1
\use_package undertilde 1
\cite_engine basic
\cite_engine_type default
\biblio_style plain
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\justification true
\use_refstyle 1
\use_minted 0
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\is_math_indent 0
\math_numbering_side default
\quotes_style english
\dynamic_quotes 0
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Title
Cross-referencing (e.g.
 for referee letters)
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section*
Cross-referencing across documents
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection*
Example
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
It is possible to cross-reference figures, tables, section numbers, etc.
 in other Lyx documents.
 For example, I can refer to figure 
\begin_inset CommandInset ref
LatexCommand ref
reference "fig:Inc-spend-if-stay-unemp"

\end_inset

 and section 
\begin_inset CommandInset ref
LatexCommand ref
reference "subsec:References"

\end_inset

 from template.lyx.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection*
Details
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
For further reference, please see Stackoverflow question: https://tex.stackexchan
ge.com/questions/39772/using-the-xr-package-in-lyx-for-cross-referencing-an-exter
nal-lyx-document.
 The following instructions are exercepted from the Stackoverflow link.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsubsection*
Setup
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
In the referencing document (this document, cross_ref.lyx), go to Document
 -> Settings..
 and add 
\begin_inset listings
inline false
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
usepackage{xr}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
externaldocument{template}
\end_layout

\end_inset

 to the LaTeX preamble.
 This tells the referencing document to search for template.aux to use for
 references.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
Next, we need to generate template.aux from the parent document.
 The .aux file is generated when lyx compiles the document, and usually resides
 in a system temporary directory.
 This directory is a subdirectory of the temporary directory listed in Tools
 -> Preferences -> Paths.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
After generating and locating the template.aux file, copy and paste it into
 the same directory as the referencing file (cross_ref.lyx).
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsubsection*
Usage
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Lyx does not natively support the xr package, so cross-references will not
 show up as options in the cross-referencing dialog.
 In addition, the references will show as BROKEN in the lyx document, but
 will render fine in the PDF.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
To reference an item from the main document, either do "Insert->TeX Code"
 and put 
\backslash
ref{referenced_label1} in by hand, or keep referenced.lyx open, right-click
 on the label you want to reference and choose "Copy as reference", and
 then paste into referencing.lyx at the point where you want to make the
 reference.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
One way to get around the BROKEN prefix in references if it annoys you is
 to put referencing.lyx as a child document (Insert -> File -> Child Document)
 within a LyX note of the main referenced.lyx.
 Then its labels will show in the cross-reference dialog in LyX, but because
 the inclusion is within a LyX note, it won't get rendered in the .pdf.
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
